now the whole collector community
become in my relation of figures
number 119 I'm a third in this
occasion in the relation of the figures
of the character known as antiveneno
good when he and Brooke divest
symbiote and start making a life
normal him between working to a foundation
which is called a party and at the same time
that he leads a normal life develop
cancer disease
this foundation is owned by martín
reads anne cession negative who decided
help the book heal cancer
and in the process accidentally
reactivate the remains of the symbol t that
was in the bloodstream
of adif
and this one manifested when eddie brock
he found poison when the guest
It was Markarián
unlike the other Indians who
we know in the marvel universe
antiviral is completely meaningless
that is to say the bruc is full of control
of your actions
good as powers have super strength
superior to that of spider-man and all its
senses have been increased in levels
Superman has the healing factor
accelerated and has healing properties
as the production of antibodies that
can cure any disease
known and eliminate other impurities all
toxins of the human body as you will know
when one is sick
increases the production of blood cells
whites that's why the anti watching a
it came out in white
You can avoid any kind of clothes like that
how to create a camouflage that mixes everything
what you are around and it returns
invisible as it can be good and as
the predators do it
is that seniority is not highly
resistant to physical damage is capable
to resist bullet attacks play free
it is in violating the weaknesses
declines and also does not harm them or the
fire neither he nor sonic attacks what
only one that has proven that it can
damaging is a selling for two and two
osman laboratories that is called the geek
is able to survive in its dangerous
for these periods of time as per
example under water
is able to survive toxic gases
because it can filter the air they
your symbol arrives at your guest I put you in
the critical capacity is able to obtain
Information from other people or others
you invest with just touching them and you have a
Spidey sense much more effective than the
from spider-man
As a curious fact, this symbol was
destroyed when the saga was used
like the cure with such a good bowser peter
let's start the review of the figure
you already know this is the generic mold that
hasbrouck there were for the figures of
robust robust medium strong
high or large would be like holic but
good this figure
measures 15 from the mouth 16 16 19 centimeters
see your head as riders in your
integrated can be done down and
up your shoulder guide 360 love
comes up there the biceps tour 360 is
the double point of articulation in the
elbows your wrist rotates and you can also
do to the sides do not have any
articulation in the fingers the torso can
go down and you can also go up see in the
back and back brings this
accessory that makes it look more like
it's the anti chin with picks for
some places do not
just to put back an apple of
what
put it there is already on the part of
back the whole figure is white and has
it is painted in black
the paint is black his mouth is not
can move neither verbal nor laugh or have
open and close forgiveness rotates 360 to the
waist can be opened a little bit
immunology legs at 360 degrees
has a double point of articulation in the
knees your calf can turn and
super good down and up and
towards the sides because it is a good figure
achieved and right now you can say that
is the figure together with the spiderman that
is eating pizza is the most common
find in the walmart is good and
good as special for this video
unnerved by I want to present the figure
of anti vendo but the version in select
this figure as they look is much more
Large scale select this figure measures
15 15
16 7 18 19 20 21 centimeters of this
figure the plastic is quite friendly
the truth the image to the comic is much
more loyal in select this select version
it is not such a pure white so intense
as the white of the figure of hasbro and
good this figure is you have white is
Price as white but is more in tone
gray in the paint application is
more faded and everything that comes here
in piquitos because this one is quite hard
If you squeeze a little if it reaches
hurt
see the articulation of this figure is
can do sideways
practically nothing up and towards
down then be careful because you can not
break the chin pins in the
homology 360 degrees has a point of
articulation on the elbows the hand rotates and
has no other articulation the
waist can rotate 360 ​​degrees can be
open some leg seismology 360
degrees a point of articulation in the
knee the foot can be made towards
up and down and that's all as
well we know in electus figures
good to the articulation as it is not what
better than there is but the sculpted is a
I work pretty pretty well done
see you cupid of the face is very
very very very, very good and good
is that is the plus of this figure by
this figure comes with this base
that they see this brings and its parts so that
I can not
eat less
are three parts three peaks a mountain
here the figure
and well, it makes her look more
is displayed with its base you can not see the
figure then more imposing do not see and you
I leave to see him a few seconds
let's put the cntv not
of hasbro here
and well, the base could also be
say that it looks good no but
good
Well, good friends, these are the figures
who will teach you today
I hope you liked the video and
to help them decide to do
these figures because as always they
I command the best of the vibes and that
have you very happy collections